It is game style training
In order to firmly seek out the best action to take the goal
Before goal 0 a
We will do training like 2 to 1 +1
I hit the ball on two of this yellow defender from Hey Mother
The given defender quickly descends to where this cone is and is here
It will be in the form of joining the game after touching
Of course, during which time the
I was hit by the hero's ball, but while I'm back here, there are two attackers
It is a form that approaches the goal by taking advantage of the two-to-one numerical advantage
Of course, yellow is back when it is caught by the keeper who can not take the goal
It is a form that becomes a form like a loading platform
Let's try it first
Yes
What
Oh wow this is yellow now from now on blue relaping will be Nagata
Ne
Hey
I can not wait
It is training that continues early, but needs increase in the same way as now
It was 2 to 2 to 1 +1 now, but this time
by increasing the other little grid in such a way that a 3-to-2 + 1 the number of persons in the 3-to-2 Nojo year
I want to do more
it's ok because there are also Otsu side
To play while taking advantage of the rules or
Mud Muddy
The idea of ​​overlapping months other than ok
What it is important So I guess the tie doing but last finish
Go back
Ouchi Barbara by all means counterattack
We do it from above about 2-to-1, which was carried out three simply development system Do not say
Huh
In the case of dita city, you can dribble yourself and shoot
A trick play that looks like a shot dribbling shot with water and a shot with only water
Or combination play
I can make a living, but when it comes to 3 bodies, I also make use of things like the third person's movement
I will be able to
Among such ideas and spaces
It is a place like you want you to tie to the goal while making use of what you say
The only thing we think we need to do is to take the ball off the opponent
Subsequent
I put the cone of attack on the corn defense side here , but I 'm sure to make it a studio
On going even doing soccer things Fu say
I think that it is one of the important elements